docs(how-to guides): how to integrate differential drive vehicles (#125)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/how-to-integrate-autoware-with-a-diff-drive-vehicle.md

However, it is possible to integrate Autoware with a vehicle that follows a differential drive kinematic model, as commonly used by small mobile robots.

## 2. Procedure

One simple way of using Autoware with a differential drive vehicle is to create a `vehicle_interface` package that translates Ackermann commands to differential drive commands.
Here are two points that you need to consider:

- Create `vehicle_interface` package for differential drive vehicle
- Set an appropriate `wheel_base`

### 2.1 Create a `vehicle_interface` package for differential drive vehicle

An Ackermann command in Autoware consists of two main control inputs:

- steering angle ($\omega$)
- velocity ($v$)

Conversely, a typical differential drive command consists of the following inputs:

- left wheel velocity ($v_l$)
- right wheel velocity ($v_r$)

For example, the Ackermann command can be converted to the differential drive command with the following equations:

$$
v_l = v - \frac{l\omega}{2},
v_r = v + \frac{l\omega}{2}
$$

where $l$ denotes wheel tread.

> For general requirements for `vehicle_interface` package, please refer to [the description of `vehicle_interface`](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-interfaces/components/vehicle-interface/) for detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about other factors that need to be considered when creating a `vehicle_interface` package, refer to the [`vehicle_interface` component page](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/autoware-interfaces/components/vehicle-interface/).
```

Author: Reflected: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/125/commits/09168c70a5ec995a5883c0298a879f4715635f3c

### 2.2 Set an appropriate `wheel_base`

A differential drive robot does not necessarily have front and rear wheels, which means that the wheelbase (the horizontal distance between the axles of the front and rear wheels) cannot be defined. However, Autoware expects `wheel_base` to be set in `vehicle_info.param.yaml` with some value.
Thus, you need to set a pseudo value for `wheel_base`.

The appropriate pseudo value for `wheel_base` depends on the size of your vehicle.
Setting it to be the same value as `wheel_tread` is one possible choice.

!!! warning

>     - If wheel_base is set too large, the vehicle's range of motion will be restricted. The reason being that Autoware's Planning module will calculate an overly conservative trajectory based on the assumed vehicle length.
>     - Conversely, if `wheel_base` is too large, the vehicle's motion may be restricted.

Reviewer: I think one of the previous commits may have removed the information about `wheel_base` being set too low so I added it back in and put `` marks around `wheel_base` to make it clear that it is a parameter.

```suggestion
    - If the `wheel_base` value is set too small then the vehicle may behave unexpectedly. For example, the vehicle may drive beyond the bounds of a calculated path.
    - Conversely, if `wheel_base` is set too large, the vehicle's range of motion will be restricted. The reason being that Autoware's Planning module will calculate an overly conservative trajectory based on the assumed vehicle length.
```

Author: Thank you! 
Reflected here: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/125/commits/69d14b3483e9bc5ec4deb8fe7a4fee8538cb6720
